主题: Event invitation - Fireside chat with Woman CEO in Hong Kong: Leadership and DEI  
时间: 2025-08-12 17:04:07
发件人: allug-list-request@lists.ust.hk
--------------------正文--------------------

Dear all,

 



 

The Diversity and Equal Opportunities Unit, together with School of Business and Management and School of Engineering, at Hong Kong University of Science and Technology would like to invite you to an upcoming Woman CEO event.   

 

The fireside chat will feature Ms. Jeanette MAO, Chief Executive Officer, HK Express Airways and HKUST alumna, who will share her leadership journey and the value of diversity and inclusion in senior leadership as well as in the workplace, and what does it look like in practice.  The fireside chat will be moderated by Ms. Helen CHEN, Head of External and Alumni Relations, School of Business and Management, HKUST. 

 

Prof. Nancy IP, President of HKUST, will also deliver welcome remarks.  

 

Date and time: 12:30-1:45p.m., September 23, 2025 (Event registration starts at 12pm; Light food and beverages will be provided.)  

 

Venue: G/F Main Hall, Shaw Auditorium, HKUST Campus, Clear Water Bay (Location & Transport <https://shaw-auditorium.hkust.edu.hk/location-transport> ) 

 

Language: English  

 

Audience: Open to all HKUST staff and students 

 

How to register: Please register early to reserve your seat here <https://ust.az1.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_6xujUyPT0ZlFSUS>  with your HKUST email to be part of the conversation. 

 

This is a HMAW1905-recognized event in the “Personal Enrichment & Community Service” category under the "Self-directed Experience" of HMAW1905: Behavioral Foundations of University Education: Habits, Mindsets, and Wellness. To receive 1 hour and 15 minutes, you must attend the event in full and miss no more than 10 mins. 

 

Staff members who are based in Kwun Tong office are encouraged to indicate whether you would need shuttle bus service. One-way shuttle bus service will be arranged if we receive sufficient number of registrants who would like to travel from Kwun Tong office to HKUST campus for the event. 

 

We strive to host inclusive and accessible events. If you have any questions regarding the event including queries about any possibility for the event to offer any adjustments, please contact our team at deoc@ust.hk <mailto:deoc@ust.hk> .     

 

Best regards,  

Diversity and Equal Opportunities Unit, School of Business and Management and School of Engineering 

 
