主题: RV Automation Technology – Part time Internship
时间: 2025-08-20 10:42:55
发件人: ece-ug-list-request@lists.ust.hk
--------------------正文--------------------

 




RV Automation Technology – Part time Internship 

Audience: CSE, EE, MAE & IEDA Students

RV Automation Technology Company Limited (“RV”) has been a leading innovator in the robotics industry. We aspire to redefine robotic controls, enabling seamless processes for robot automation and collaboration.

 

Positions offered:

*	Computer Engineering Internship
*	EE Engineering Internship
*	ME Engineering Internship

 

Job description:

Computer Engineering Internship:

1.	Support computer engineer for programming
2.	Support computer engineer for system and software architecture
3.	Support computer engineer for software documentation and failure analysis

 

EE Engineering Internship

1.	Support electronics engineer for schematic and layout
2.	Support electronics engineer for wiring and data measurement
3.	Support electronics engineer for product assemble

 

ME Engineering Internship: 

1.	Support Mechanical engineer for mechanical design and validation
2.	Support Mechanical engineer for material and component selection
3.	Support Mechanical engineer for product assemble

 

Apply Now: Please send your resume and transcript to Mr. Yip at romeo.yip@rvautotech.com <mailto:romeo.yip@rvautotech.com> . 

 

 

 

Center for Industry Engagement & Internship (IEI)

School of Engineering, HKUST  

Disclaimer: The Center for Industry Engagement and Internship is not responsible for the content of external sites. The inclusion of a link to an external website on this email should not be understood to be an endorsement of that website or its content or its owners (or their products/services).                                                                                                                                          

Note: All information pertinent to the job opening(s) or event(s) is provided by the employer or organizer "as is". The Center for Industry Engagement and Internship assumes no responsibility that the information is accurate, adequate, current or reliable, or may be used for any purpose other than for general reference. Kindly note that publication of the job opening(s) or event(s) does not necessarily imply an endorsement by the Center for Industry Engagement and Internship.

 
