主题: Join SIGHT: Programs in Fall!
时间: 2025-08-26 15:59:19
发件人: allug-list-request@lists.ust.hk
--------------------正文--------------------

 



 

 

Dear Students,

 

Greetings from SIGHT (Student Innovation for Global Health Technology)! 🎉 As the new academic year approaches, we are excited to share with you some exciting news. Here are some amazing opportunities for you to revolutionize your new academic year!

 

SIGHT CAMP ⛺️

 

Join us at SIGHT Camp, a non-credit bearing program building student-led innovative projects that lasts for 8 weeks, starting in October (Thur 6pm – 8pm), where you will confront real health-related problems and design solutions to in global communities.

 

If you are committed, creative, collaborative, and excited to make impact in the health sector, come join us! You will be EMPOWERED 💪with mindsets and skills to innovate health technologies to tackle global health issues.

 

What you will do within your projects: 

1.	Learn and apply technical skills 📱, 

2.	Grow in sustainability mindset ♻️,

3.	Encourage a human touch to the people we serve 🫂. 

 

The projects will primarily focus on marginalized communities in South and Southeast Asia. Successful Campers can continue their innovation as a course in Spring (UCOP3200) and collaborate with the communities to deploy your project in the Summer.

 

APPLY:  Sign-up here <https://forms.gle/Msz98Wt3pGyB5rMq6> on or before Sep 08. If you are eligible, we will be in touch for your interview later for further next steps.

 

ENGG 1300 💭

 

ENGG 1300 - Design Thinking for Health Innovation is a common core course, giving a taste of design thinking, offer by SIGHT.

 

This year, the theme is “How to tackle stress and innovate interventions to design HKUST Life”. Everyone will work in teams, shuffled around throughout the course. Grading is based on project evaluations and multiple peer reviews.

 

SCHEDULE: Tuesday (13:30 – 16:20)

ENROLLMENT: “ENGG 1300” on Student Information System (SIS).

 

 

2025 Design for Global Health Competition 

 



Are you interested in not only making impact in global health but be challenged with other students worldwide and win prizes? The 2025 Design for Global Health Competition is now open for registration !

 

Organized by SIGHT and Philos Health, this initiative aims to tackle real-world public health challenges with innovative solutions designed for resource-constrained communities. University students (undergraduate & postgraduate) from the Asia-pacific regions are welcome to join the competition. 

 

INFO SESSION: September 5, 2025 (to be confirmed)

REGISTRATION DEADLINE: September 15, 2025

SUBMISSION DEADLINE: October 31, 2025 

SUBMISSION REQUIREMENTS: A 10-minute video + prototypes 

 

For more details, please visit https://competition.sight.ust.hk/ or refer to the attached poster. 

 

WANT TO FIND OUT MORE? 

 

If you want to know more about us, visit our website <https://sight2023.hkust.edu.hk/about-us> , Instagram (sight.at.hkust) for more information or email us (sight@ust.hk <mailto:sight@ust.hk> ).  

 

Cheers,

Student Innovation for Global Health Technology (SIGHT)

 

 

Website: sight.ust.hk <http://sight.ust.hk/> 

E-mail: sight@ust.hk <mailto:sight@ust.hk> 

Instagram: sight.ust.hk 

 

 

 
